Intro to css values (#44937)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/font-variant-ligatures/index.md

font-variant-ligatures: unset;
```

### Values

> This property is specified as `normal`, `none`, or a space-separated list of the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is specified as a single keyword or as a space-separated list of the following values:
```
